All right.
So we walked on this space to category we showing.
On the post that belongs to a given category.
All right.
So it's looking good now.
We have done quite a lot already.
All right.
So in terms of content management system, we have done pretty much everything.
Just the last one customers left, but otherwise everything has been done.
Now it's time to try to finish off the project.
So, for example, we have the post phase, we have the contact with the admin dashboard.
Everything is fine, but we haven't done anything in our homepage yet, so let's try to make it meet
attractive, just like I have done in my finished product.
So I want to display this full with images, I guess a full with images.
And we put some text in the center horizontally and vertically center text with the button at which
this content we will put with this full width image.
So we welcome that.
And then slowly we will try to implement all these.
All these things.
So we have this parallax image effect.
So when you scroll, you can see images stays, but the content scrolls through this nice parallax effect.
Then we destroy the categories.
We create this beautiful footer.
All right, so let's start with this image.
So let's head over to our homepage.
Spaces Index.
And we don't have anything at the moment.
Let's remove this decent string of file.
And here.
First we can start by creating a head section because we obviously wanted this to be issue friendly.
Right.
So we want some head content.
Head title and mental description we can add.
So involves a head from next head.
So pretend we have this written blog.
Let me use this fragment here and here.
It's huge head.
So inside the head section, we want to have title to title.
Let's give it a title of, let's say, modern content management system.
All right, let's write something for head and then meta.
Name.
So description,
mental description.
And the content.
We can write.
Write something that describes your face to describe your.
So let's say.
Read latest blog post on.
With development rights or something like that.
So that's how we can add a section then.
Now let me remove that then.
I want to.
So here the full with images is all right so that it's full with images with beautiful content, you
know, the title and subtitle.
And but I want to put that in a separate component so that it is a bit more organized.
So let me go to component and let me create a new folder.
Four.
Let's call it Baz's.
Its component spaces are good inside components.
And here let me create a file called full width in this full width.
He may start to use.
And let me bring that first before we do anything import filled with inmates from.
So we go one step up.
Second group into components.
That one is Baz's.
Pages.
And what's the food image that.
Food with him is not here.
Also pages.
Something happened in pages full with images.
Let's put that here under the head.
Okay.
So we I think we need a bit of a gap here slim use how do you with the just before margin itemized in
bottom let's say 50 if we need to change it, we'll come back and change later.
But otherwise, let's work on this fully with image.
At the moment we don't really have anything in this full width.
So let me just go here and write some.
So you consult with him as to.
Which even we don't even need written.
We just use parentheses.
And here we want to show the images, right?
So it means that you mistake source.
Now you need to have them a nice full with images, nice and big images that you can use as a, you
know, full with an image.
So let me see if I have any.
So I should have images in public folder images.
I've got just one default.
So let me use this form for the moment and maybe we can just get some nice images from the from the
web.
I guess so.
Here.
Since it is instead public, what I can directly refer to that directory image is less default mode
debate.
And then also let me just give it a name, famous alternative name for the image and to make it a full
width.
What we can do if we have a look for it now, it's.
Let me explore.
Fully within its.
You can see it is full width, but it is.
It's quite high, so maybe you don't want it to be that high.
If you have a look here, we have our images goes up to here.
I guess maybe you want to give it a certain height and then this is a nice and big image.
So it is full width, but there is no guarantee that it will always take a full width if the image is
bit small.
All right.
So let's see how we can apply some to assist you.
So here, start with we set it to 100% height.
You can said the height.
Let's say we want 500 pixels.
All right.
And then.
Overflow.
Who flew Hayden.
Okay.
Now that.
It doesn't look right and looks like we don't actually need the.
This person talk I guess from that wasn't worth that.
I guess that looks good.
So the image is it's not Skilling.
So what we can do here is
we can apply this property object fit cover so we can use this.
And you can see now it's.
No, it's better.
It is not.
It is skilled properly.
That looks good.
Now, if you want, you can go to big something dotcom.
You can get royalty free images.
You can download from here and use.
So I want to use some, let's say futuristic, let's come to option, but you can get some nice images
from him.
They look pretty good.
Still in the open.
This one.
Let's download a few.
It's download images.
This is the one I used before.
Limit download at this one as well.
And let's try one more.
Let's try this one.
So you can click through download to the size download.
I'm going to save directly into my project to get into the Udemy Themis good client.
Go to the full.
Public images.
And let me just call it images one.
Another one.
I'm going to call it.
I'm sorry.
You missed two and lost one.
It means three.
Okay, so let me try using some of the different ones and let's see how they look.
In his warm.
Oh, that looks great.
That looks great.
That's another one.
That's.
No, I think I'm just going to stick with the first one in this one.
All right, beautiful.
Now, the next thing we want to do is show the content here in the center.
Horizontally and vertically centered on top of the images like this.